Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[Music Playing]
[Airplane Landing]
[Indistinct Chattering]
[Footsteps]
[Running Footsteps]
[Door Opens]
[Shock]
[Screaming]
[Sighs]
You are a High Court Chief Justice.
See your plight.
I was going to deliver the verdict.
of a ruling party's minister's case.
There was a lot of pressure on
me to deliver the verdict in his favor.
When I refused.
the government security
provided to me was withdrawn.
By the time I could
seek help from the center...
[Gun Firing]
[Scream]
Mom!
What did you get after
working sincerely for 60 years?
Contentment.
I am just worried about my family.
I will have to take
them to a safe place.
[Groan]
Fine.
There is a place in
Pune where you will be safe.
- I will shift all of you there.
- Okay.
But before going there
I will tell you a story.
to boost your morale.
Will you hear it?
[Humming]
It's the story of a valorous man.
The son of the forest.
Nelakonda Bhagavanth Kesari.
[Police Siren]
[Door Opens]
[Footsteps]
[Number Dialing]
[Phone Ringing]
Dad. call for you.
Give that to me. dear.
- Hello.
- This is constable Narayan. sir.
The court has sent
20 convicts for remand.
Shall I do the entry
or wait for you to come?
I am shifting to my new home.
It will take time.
So you complete the formalities.
In which block are you keeping them?
As per the rule.
new convicts are kept in block A. sir.
- But...
- But what?
Higher officials have ordered me.
to keep the convicts in block B.
Okay. Send them to block B.
[Phone Ringing]
- Hello.
- Is there any VIP prisoner in block B?
Yes. sir. Businessman Ratan Shukla.
[Running Footsteps]
[Groan]
He had provided financial
support to the previous government.
That's why the new government.
sent him to prison under false charges.
I am sure they have come to murder him.
Stop them.
Move! Move!
[Jail Siren]
[Fighting Sound]
[Yelling]
[Lock close]
[Running Footsteps]
Run!
[Police Siren]
[Mobile Ringing]
- Hello.
- Don't worry. sir.
They have gone to block C.
What do you mean?
Bhagavanth Kesari is in block C. sir.
[snap]
Son. hold the bucket.
[Indistinct Chattering]
Hey you!
I want to settle a small matter.
Uncle had filled the
bucket with great difficulty.
You spilled the water.
Move aside for some time.
Uncle wants to fill water.
Hey! Can't you see what's going on here?
Boss has come.
Get lost!
[Mouth whistling]
Seems like he doesn't understand.
- He is whistling.
- Thrash the scoundrel.
[Scream]
[Explosion]
[upbeat music]
Learn to respect your elders.
Yes. If you want to break your skull.
don't do that.
[Grunting]
Son. it's an exercise for us old people.
Let me fill water.
Oldie. if you fill water.
you will take the whole day.
[Fighting Sound]
Quiet! Shut up. wretched man!
The oldie will fill the bucket first.
Thereafter we will finish him off.
Keep quiet.
Fill the bucket. uncle.
Uncle's spring has got rusted.
If you have filled the bucket.
shall we go. uncle?
[Groan]
What's the hurry. son?
Damn!
My wife liked to watch the rising sun.
Let me also watch it.
Lover boy.
You are missing your wife early morning.
You are feeling romantic.
You are too much.
[chuckles]
Shall we make your wife also happy?
Shall I recite something for her?
Yes. Why not?
You have filled my life with happiness.
You dwell in my heart and my heartbeats.
Hope it was melodious.
It was great. sir. I enjoyed it.
Will you tell me that?
Did I sing it for you?
It doesn't matter whether
it's melodious or not.
But it should touch that person's heart.
It doesn't matter
to me what others think.
[Mouth whistling]
What. Munna boss?
What are you doing?
You were supposed to behead him.
And you are making him sit on your lap.
Boss is here.
He will leave in 5 minutes.
Only 5 minutes.
He is filling water.
Why are you boring me?
If he is the boss here.
what are both of you doing?
To hell with the bucket.
- I will...
- No.
Oh no!
[Groan]
It's good he is not holding the bucket.
Otherwise he would
have broken their skull.
[Scream]
Boss. bucket would have been better.
His hand seems to be made of iron.
[Yelling]
[Fighting Sound]
Is he a man or a bulldozer?
[laughs]
Do you know why the head
is placed between the ears?
A whack on your ear.
and things get registered
in your brain immediately.
[chuckles]
[Laughing]
We made a mistake. boss.
It won't happen again.
We have filled all the buckets.
You have made our plight
bad with your thrashing.
[Grunting]
Welcome. sir.
Sir! Sir! Sir! Thank you. sir!
You don't even know me.
Still you saved my life.
Thank you.
My father used to always tell me.
Nothing is greater than your deeds.
Your deeds are your biggest duty.
Thank you. Lord.
Narayan.
I want to see his file.
Hi.
Hey!
Are you Superman?
You thrashed so many
people all by yourself.
No. I am an ordinary man. dear.
- But sometimes I become Superman.
- Absolutely.
So I will call you Superman.
Listen. sir.
You saved my life.
I want to give you 500 crores.
- Mr. Shukla.
- I will keep quiet.
Look. Don't be stubborn.
Take care of your health.
Take your medicines on time.
Your son will come.
I will leave now.
If you could have stayed
till her son had returned...
You had gone to call him. Did he come?
I don't think she
will be able to meet him.
She doesn't have much time left.
Unless I meet my son. my soul...
[Breathing]
won't leave my body.
I beg of you. sir.
Please let Bhagavanth
meet his mother once.
Once she meets her son.
she will be able to die peacefully.
- Narayan.
- Sir.
Get ready to leave.
We are going to Bhagavanth's
village tomorrow.
Had I not met my mother.
maybe she wouldn't.
have been able to die peacefully.
I will never forget your favor.
Eat it.
Superman. has your mother gone to God?
Don't be sad.
From today I am your mother.
Is that okay?
Your daughter looks so
adorable in the army dress.
Before getting married my wife
had got selected in the air force.
But she sacrificed
all her dreams for me.
She died after giving birth to Vijaya.
I still feel bad that she couldn't
join the air force because of me.
If my daughter joins the army.
it will be my atonement. Bhagavanth.
As such. it's not in my hand.
Wonder what she wants
to be after she grows up.
Don't think that girls are weak.
She is not less than any tigress.
If she doesn't agree.
I will explain to her.
Make your daughter brave.
Dear. I have made it for you.
Wow!
Always hold your head
high and be fearless.
Only then you will
earn respect in the world.
- Will you do that?
- Yes.
[Music Playing]
It's been a week.
Why is sir not coming to office?
He had said that he
has gone out for some work.
Speaking a lie blatantly
doesn't suit the police.
He went against the rules
and took you outside the prison.
That's why sir was suspended.
He told us not to tell you.
So that you don't feel bad.
He had made a list of prisoners.
who will be released on 15th August.
He had mentioned your name in that.
[Clapping]
I will come to take the orders.
I am leaving in an hour's time. sir.
[Auto Rickshaw Engine]
Vijaya. see who is here.
Hey!
Superman.
What happened. dear? Are you sick?
Dear. open your mouth.
Bhagavanth. is everything fine?
Sir. you lost your job because of me.
Had I known.
I wouldn't have gone to meet my mother.
Nobody knows it better than
me that what a mother goes through.
after being separated from her child.
Bhagavanth. will you return
to your village or stay here?
I am not returning to my village.
I have some unfinished
work that I need to finish.
Vijaya. get ready.
I will drop you to Narayan's home.
I have to go to Hyderabad.
I want to stay with Superman.
Will you stay with me
till dad returns. Superman?
You can go without any worry.
I will take care of
Vijaya in your absence.
[Car Engine Start]
Thank you. sir.
Hey! Hey!
[Explosion]
Warangal jail's superintendent
Srikanth was killed in a road accident.
The accident occurred when
he was returning to Warangal.
from Hyderabad after
taking his posting order.
He died before he could
be taken to a hospital.
- As per the news...
- Vijaya. Vijaya.
[Beeping]
Dear. eat something.
I want dad.
Vijaya. get up.
You are getting late for school.
I don't want to go to school.
I want to go to dad.
[Crying]
[Breathing Heavily]
Dear.
Look.
There it goes.
- What's your name?
- Vijaya.
- In which grade are you?
- 5th.
Which school do you go to?
Ryan International.
[Breathing]
[Groan]
She is in a state of shock
due to her father's untimely death.
It's a kind of psychological problem.
She might get panic attacks
when unexpected things occur.
You will have to make
her a strong person.
Otherwise she might have
to face a lot of difficulties.
due to her phobia.
- Superman.
- Yes.
What do I call you?
Whatever you want.
You can call me uncle.
Whenever you think you are in trouble.
think of your dad.
I will come there
in the blink of an eye.
Look. Look. A rainbow.
It's so colorful.
- Yellow color is your mom.
- Mom.
- Green color is your dad.
- Dad.
[Birds - Chirping]
Additional.
In 15 minutes they took all the sheets.
Seems like they will
be the topper this year.
[Humming]
Hello. You took the
entire bundle of papers.
But you wrote on only
two sheets of papers.
Our favorite hero's film has released.
We took extra sheets.
so that we can throw it in the theatre.
- Is that enough?
- Yes. It's enough.
Suresh.
Call Karthik.
Hey!
Want to watch a movie? Come.
[Kissing]
[Traffic Noise]
Hey! Stop! Stop the bike!
Shall we penalized them
or show our style. sir?
What's the use of showing
style in front of guys?
If there is some girl...
[Yelling]
Oh my!
[Groan]
Sorry. sir.
- Sorry. sir.
- Rakesh.
- Yes. sir.
- Girls have come.
Take both of them to the police station.
Sir. Sir. not to the police station.
You can charge us penalty.
Hey!
[Heavy Breathing]
She got scared.
Come to the police station.
I will alleviate your fear.
- Rakesh.
- Sir.
Bring them.
- Call aunt.
- If you say aunt. she will kill me.
Say Prachi.
[Mobile Ringing]
Hello.
Diwakar's police station
is like a honeymoon suite.
Girls like muscles.
[Grunting]
She got impressed.
Moron! Where are you taking the bottle?
It doesn't look good
in front of the girls. sir.
Are they your relatives?
Keep it back.
Get lost! Trying to be a hero!
Nonsense.
Sir.
Rakesh. I have heard that everybody.
in the police station
wants to teach me a lesson.
Yes. sir.
But you are my God.
Why don't you venerate me day and night?
- Sir.
- Prachi.
Being a psychologist I
can say that you are a psycho.
You are shirtless in the police
station in front of the girls.
Disgusting!
I know the IG.
He comes to me for therapy.
Should I call him?
You look so beautiful
even when you are angry.
Stand up.
Give me your hand.
[Scream]
Are these nails or dagger?
You attacked the on-duty
constable fatally.
Stop being a heroine.
Go and stand in the queue.
My psychology won't work on this psycho.
He needs shock treatment doctor.
[Motor Cycles Engine]
Uncle has come.
[Horses - Whinny]
I don't understand.
Who is he. Vaishu?
He is Vijaya's uncle. Prachi.
Oh!
Salt and pepper. Looks interesting.
Why don't you call
me if you are in trouble?
- Uncle...
- I found out from somebody else.
You left from home to give exam.
And you went to watch a movie.
As such. that's what I also
used to do when I was of your age.
What happened. sir?
If the girls made a mistake.
then investigate.
Why did you bring them
to the police station?
This is Diwakar's style.
Everybody knows that.
Look. Rakesh. He is staring
at me as if he will make my plight bad.
[Laughing]
He looks rough and tough. Like a lion.
You...
Since you are praising him so much.
put a garland around his neck.
Is he your brother-in-law?
Bring a cup of hot and strong tea.
Here is your tea.
Give the penalty receipt quickly.
I will take the girls and go.
[Sighs]
The tea is cold.
Go back. Tell him to
reheat it and bring it.
Baby. there is a party
in my farmhouse tonight.
Will you come?
Not like this.
Wear a short dress and come.
The sight of fair legs will cheer me up.
What are you looking at?
Go and bring tea. Go.
The tea should be so hot
that it should burn the skin.
[Bottle Break]
[Groan]
[Yelling]
What guts. man!
It's so hot. Douse it.
Douse it.
[Groan]
No. sir.
It didn't even scathe my finger.
It should be hotter.
I am sorry. I don't want penalty.
Take the girls.
First douse the fire.
Show your heroism in
front of somebody else.
If you try to show
heroism in front of me.
I will rip your skin
apart and finish you off.
Wear your uniform in the police station.
Otherwise people will
use your stomach as a stove.
and heat tea like that.
I respect policemen. sir.
That's why I am explaining
to you lovingly.
Come. dear.
What was that?
The roar of a lion.
Why didn't you come to douse the fire?
You told me to venerate you.
And he did that.
There is an ambiance of
celebration in Hyderabad today.
Renowned personalities have
come for Rahul Sanghvi's birthday.
Many prominent politicians
are attending the party from Delhi.
Top businessmen and politicians
are attending the party.
[firecracker]
Come. sir.
Sir. you also.
[Police Siren]
- Hello.
- Hello. CM.
How are you?
- Deputy CM.
- You can meet him later.
First come inside.
Come.
I have come from Delhi
for Rahul Sanghvi's birthday.
What is this emergency
meeting all about?
What can I say? I am the CM.
They are senior ministers.
You are the party president.
You take all important decisions.
No need to taunt me.
Come straight to the point.
You had said that Rahul
Sanghvi gives billions of funds.
So give him whatever he wants.
[Ship Horn]
I got all the government permission for.
his pharmaceutical company's
export consignment.
I think those were drugs.
Yes. sir.
As per intermediate report.
Intelligence.
Intelligence report.
A custom officer working
on the port found out about it.
He gave all the details to a reporter.
The reporter went to Hyderabad.
He gave the details to Rahul Sanghvi's.
business rival Sushant Pandey.
On getting Sushant Pandey's tip.
Kolkata port's custom officers
are now going to raid the ship.
CM sir... I am leaving.
See you.
Beware of him.
He wants to destroy the party.
He will change colors like a chameleon.
You find a solution.
- You have to do something on this. sir.
- Yes.
Did you need madam for
such an important meeting?
Of course. Not only for this meeting.
but for every meeting.
She is the only English
speaking member of the party.
Yes. sir. Actually...
She will tell you. sir.
We have only one hour
to handle the situation.
Now the matter is not in my hand.
[firecracker]
Mr. Jogi. where is my gift?
We don't have time.
We will have to stop the
custom department officers.
And those who leaked the news.
You will have to do something. Sanghvi.
Mr. Jogi. where is my gift?
Hey! We are facing a crisis.
And you are asking for your gift.
I said where is my gift?
Sorry. You all enjoy.
Enjoy. Everyone enjoy.
What do you want. Sanghvi?
Vicky.
Project V.
India's prestigious project.
All the ports from Gujarat to Kolkata.
will be connected with one project.
The common project will be Project V.
Whoever gets the project
will rule all over the country.
I want this.
That is my gift.
I want to be number one in this country.
And I want to name this
country as Rahul Bharat Sanghvi.
There are other top
players in this race.
It's impossible to give
you the project. Sanghvi.
[Sighs]
Okay. Mr. Jogi.
The clock is ticking.
All of us will suffer
the consequence together.
Fine. You will get the project.
But first get us out of this mess.
[Piano Playing]
[Gun Firing]
[GunShot]
Sir. your son's call from the ship.
Son. your papa's future
and dreams lie in your hands.
If you are caught.
everything will be over.
I will become zero.
Custom officers have
surrounded the ship. dad.
Tell me the truth.
Can you escape from there?
They are already on the ship. dad.
I am scared. dad.
Can you stop them?
I can't. dad. I can't.
Love you. son.
Have a safe journey.
Do it.
But sir. he is your son.
Do what I say.
But sir. how can I do that?
[Explosion]
Happy birthday to me.
How can you get your own son killed?
Mr. Jogi. to gain something big.
we need to give small sacrifices.
That is business. Mr. Jogi.
For me not my son.
but project V is very important.
You can be the CM or PM if you want.
What is this insanity
of being number one?
Mr. Jogi. do you know what I want?
A place where birds also
cannot flutter their wings.
Nobody can dream about it.
I want to be on top of the world.
And the world should be under my feet.
Do you know the law of the nature.
Mr. Jogi?
Survival of the fittest.
Only the strongest wins.
Even God cannot find
the man who can defeat me.
[Temple Bells]
"Glory."
"Glory to Lord Ganpati."
[upbeat music]
Dear.
It's not fun.
Tell them to play enthusiastically.
They will play so wonderfully
that you will be delighted.
My uncle has come.
And Lord Ganpati has come.
Play. Play zestfully.
[Temple Bells]
"Lord Ganpati has come."
"Say glory to Lord Ganpati."
"Glory to Lord."
[Temple Bells]
[Motor Cycles Engine]
[Motor Cycles horn]
- Run.
- No. I want to sit.
Another kilometer.
- Come on.
- I won't be able to run. uncle.
[Groan]
Quickly. Yes.
Vijaya. three rounds
of at least a hundred squats.
You should be drenched in sweat.
I will go and bring milk for you.
- Help her. Chotu.
- Okay.
Not 100. I will do 150. uncle.
What's the big deal?
Come on. Chotu. Start.
- One.
Two.
60.
70.
100.
Vijaya.
You did a hundred squats so quickly.
Honestly. uncle.
Look. I am sweating profusely.
It's wrong to lie to elders.
But you didn't speak any lie.
The entire bucket is
filled with your sweat.
Fine.
I have been pestering
you for three years.
At least this year sign the paper. dear.
I also have been signing
it since three years.
I will sign it this year too.
For my uncle.
Which signature did she do this year?
Which signature did she do last year?
Hero Honda Splendor.
My uncle is thunder.
This time it's different.
Jubilee Hills. Banjara Hills.
Uncle's thrashing
gives you medical bills.
I showed you all photos of 40 plus men.
Select one of them. ma'am.
You are also 35 years old.
I am 32.
It's difficult to
find a guy at this age.
But I have found one.
I met a dashing.
salt and pepper guy a few days ago.
All of you will get the good news soon.
You should check all the
goods before unloading them.
It will be difficult
to answer the management.
Hi.
Who are you?
Didn't you recognize me?
I met you at the police station.
Vijaya's friend Vaishnavi...
- Oh! We met yesterday.
- Yes.
How are you. aunt?
Hey! Who did you call aunt?
You seem to be 30 plus.
You dye your grey hair to look younger.
Do you think you are a superstar?
Haven't you ever seen the mirror?
I am 32 years old. My name is Prachi.
Hello. Thank you.
You wanted 40% for your son.
After my psychology therapy.
he has scored 90%.
You can send me extra fees. Bye.
You are the best. Prachi.
- Prachi. you...
- I am a psychologist.
Please sit here.
[Auto Rickshaw Engine]
Bhagavanth.
You are romancing with
a girl early morning.
Shut up.
Can't you see that I am talking?
Prachi. I have been
trying to make Vijaya.
sign an application since a long time.
Can you please make her sign it?
That's my job.
Of course I will do her treatment.
Look. I can pay your fees.
I don't want fees.
But I won't do it for free.
Whatever I want from you.
I will take it later.
Send Vijaya to me everyday at 6 o'clock.
You will also have to come.
[Humming]
Vijaya. go inside. I will just come.
Okay.
- Won't you come?
- No. What will I do?
Make her sign it. I will wait outside.
Drink tea or coffee.
No. This is not the
time for tea or coffee.
Do you want a drink?
What are you saying
in front of the girl?
Thank you. grandma.
We will drink it on the terrace.
I said no.
If you ask me again.
I will break my head.
with the glass that you are holding.
[Bottle Break]
You won't be able to entice him.
I won't sign. Prachi.
But I can help you in your relationship.
Vaishu has told me everything.
Focus on uncle completely.
So that his focus shifts from me.
And he stops pestering me about army.
Let me first get married.
We will think about the guests later.
- Kohli's century. India and Pakistan...
- Bhagavanth.
[chuckles]
Did she sign it so quickly?
There are some therapy videos.
Vijaya is watching those.
Come on.
Let's go for a walk and buy
vegetables from the market for home.
She is the patient.
Why are you treating me like a patient?
What. Bhagavanth?
For Vijaya's therapy. I will
have to first understand her guardian.
Will you come now?
And yes. Along with vegetables.
don't forget to get coriander
and chilies for free.
She is talking in gestures.
Tonight's program is set.
I am sure she is his neighbor's wife.
He is teasing her in the market.
If he teases her at home.
he will be whacked.
It's better to act
like husband and wife.
Prachi.
Come closer.
Morons! Talking nonsense.
Yes. Prachi. Vijaya's therapy
class must be going smoothly. right?
Absolutely.
Why don't you color your beard?
You will look handsome.
I don't like to look fake. Prachi.
Whatever it is. it's real.
He is right.
That's why people adore Bhagavanth.
Excuse me.
I want to talk to you.
Who was she?
An acquaintance.
- I asked. who was she?
- I said an acquaintance.
Okay. Forget Vijaya's therapy.
Try to get her signature on your own.
Her husband is a drunkard.
So I explained to him
and sent him for work.
She wanted to thank me.
She considers me as her brother.
She is like my sister.
Oh! Sister.
Prachi.
I know what you are thinking about me.
What?
- I won't tell you.
- Please tell me.
You got angry because
I spoke to her in private.
But you were happy when
I said she is my sister.
I understood everything. Prachi.
- Understood? What?
- I won't tell you.
How will I understand
if you don't tell me?
Please tell me.
- I...
- Yes. I...
- You...
I won't tell you.
I will...
Please tell me.
Tell me. What is going on in my mind?
I told you that she
considers me as her brother.
So you also want
to make me your brother.
[Scream]
Why are you so tense?
You can make me your brother.
I am everybody's brother.
What destiny!
It's soft drink.
I have quit drinking alcohol.
Vijaya. you have to watch
new therapy videos today.
Go inside.
- Okay.
- I want to talk to Bhagavanth.
You spoke to me in the market yesterday.
Wasn't that enough?
Not market.
Today we are going somewhere else.
Your ice-cream.
Thank you.
Bhagavanth.
Romancing in the night.
Shut up.
Yes. Prachi.
Is Vijaya's class going on fine?
Absolutely.
Okay. Bhagavanth.
It's such a beautiful moonlit night.
You are eating ice-cream.
And a nymph is in front of you.
Don't you hear any music playing?
What do you mean?
I mean. didn't you
ever romance with a girl?
Yes. Absolutely.
[Sighs]
- Really?
- Yes.
I had a lot of fun when I was young.
Wow! I want to hear.
I had a friend. Champakali.
Once she held my hand.
I also walked with her.
Like today.
It was a beautiful moonlit night.
I was eating ice-cream.
And Champakali was in front of me.
She also asked me the same question.
Don't you hear music when you see me?
Do you know what I told her?
What did you say?
I won't tell you. Prachi.
Please. Please. Please. Tell me.
I went closer to her.
She also came closer to me.
What happened next?
I won't tell you.
Bhagavanth. please tell me.
[Breathing]
I held her hand.
I looked in her eyes and said...
What?
- No. I feel shy.
- Oh man!
Tell me. You looked in her eyes.
And what did you say?
- I placed my hand on my heart and said...
- Yes.
- Champakali.
I ate the ice-cream.
But you will pay for
yours and I will pay for mine.
Is any of my class left. Prachi?
No. Not at all.
I think I will have
to change the syllabus.
The subject is difficult.
The entire city is in deep shock.
by the Deputy CM's sudden death.
Everybody is shocked by
the Deputy CM's sudden death.
His supporters and admirers
are coming to pay their last respects.
It's wrong to name our party
and the state after Rahul Sanghvi.
He has donated billions for the
party's welfare in the name of support.
All of you granted permission
to his drugs loaded ship to sail.
Those who raised
their voice were killed.
This file contains evidence of.
your illegal activities and project V.
The CM is also with
you in your dirty game.
Remember. Nobody will escape.
Sanghvi. you wanted to get project V.
and become the number
one businessman in the world.
Now you won't be able to do that.
I will make you zero.
What did you say?
Come again.
I will destroy you.
[Sighs]
Sanghvi. what are you doing?
[Groan]
- Sanghvi. leave him.
- Leave him. He will die.
We will be in trouble. Leave him.
- Close the doors.
- Hurry up.
[Screaming]
What did you do. Sanghvi?
Have you gone mad?
We called him here to threaten him.
But you killed him.
Mr. Jogi. you know I am sensitive.
He hurt me by saying
that he wants to make me zero.
Too insensitive.
Had I spared him. it would
have become a very sensitive matter.
You killed the Deputy
CM in the party office.
How will we hide this?
Stress. Mental stress.
In his endeavor to serve the public.
he ignored his health.
He got a heart attack.
He was a nice man.
Ask her.
But excessive honesty and
sincerity is like bad cholesterol.
- It affects your heart adversely.
- Next.
What was his importance
in the government?
You speak.
It's a good question. It's in English.
Hold on.
Madam is asking something.
- Let's go.
- Well. he was a great politician.
And a great leader.
I sacrificed my son's life
unhesitatingly to save all of you.
What about my project V. Mr. Jogi?
That project will be yours. Sanghvi.
We give you the guarantee.
But in return we want project T.
- Project T?
- Yes.
T for twist.
The other day when
you murdered the Deputy CM.
we closed the doors.
But his PA was right there.
He ran away with all the evidences.
He has the evidence.
If the opposition party gets hold of it.
we will be in trouble.
If the PA is not found.
all of us will be in trouble.
Now you do something.
It's in your hand whether
you get project V or not.
[Thunder]
Yes. Very good. Come on.
You can do it.
Yes.
Pull up.
[Groan]
It's nothing.
Don't worry. Let's try again.
Come on.
Uncle. it's heavy.
I won't be able to lift it.
[Groan]
[Breathing]
Uncle. there are too many steps.
I won't be able to do it.
You took five minutes
to climb the steps.
It should have taken two minutes.
Do it again.
I have been doing duty
in the army for 15 years.
Army is not an occupation.
It is an inspiration.
In 1961 the first woman joined
the army as a medical officer.
In 2023 more than 7000 women.
have been serving in
the army in different fields.
They even go to the warfront.
Dear.
Why have you come here?
To do therapy.
For your help.
[Sighs]
Unless you sign. he will force you.
Sign it.
And fail in the exam and physical test.
He will never force
you to join the army.
As a psychologist.
that's the best advice I can give you.
I was waiting for it for three years.
Thank you. Prachi.
I made Vijaya sign it.
But yes. Her training
is your responsibility.
Yes. I won't let there
be any dearth in her training.
I have understood what's
going on in your mind. Prachi.
You will again say something wrong.
Leave it for today.
Let me tell you. Prachi.
Pardon me. Bhagavanth.
- I will speak the truth this time.
- I am leaving.
Prachi. you will have to wait
for what's going on in your mind.
You will wait. won't you?
Do you really want to give the exam?
Let's go for a movie.
Shall I come?
You are clinging to
Karthik a lot these days.
If you give everything to Karthik.
what will happen of me?
It's a library. We cannot make noise.
Give m a kiss. Come on. Quickly.
[Slapping]
If you are seen in the college again.
I will hand you over to the police.
[Sighs]
Don't worry. Vijaya. Don't be afraid.
Everything will be fine.
Come. dear. Dinner is getting cold.
- Vijaya. Vijaya.
- Yes.
Uncle is calling you.
I am not hungry. uncle. You eat.
Why are you tense?
Did something happen in college. dear?
Nothing. uncle. Nothing.
Tell me. dear. If something
is the matter. I will tackle it.
If something had happened.
I would have told you.
Nothing. Nothing.
I have raised you. dear.
You can tell me.
[Police Siren]
[car approaching]
[Groan]
So she is that beauty.
Do you know who I am?
I know ministers and CMs.
Will you suspend my son?
What did he do?
He asked for a kiss.
You should have given it.
If my son had said
he wants to sleep with you.
I would have made
arrangement for that as well.
Who would have saved you?
Who would have stopped me?
[Heavy Breathing]
Listen to me carefully.
Today is the last day of your freedom.
From tomorrow you
will be my son's slave.
And nobody will be able to save you.
Uncle! Uncle! Uncle!
Uncle. please! Please listen to me.
Everything will be
fine in a few days. uncle.
I will forget everything.
Uncle! Uncle. please!
Uncle! Uncle. please stop! Please stop!
Don't go.
Uncle! Uncle. please calm down!
He is a very dangerous man.
He knows the CM.
Don't lock horns with such people.
Please. uncle.
Dear.
Had it been an ordinary person.
it wouldn't have mattered to me.
But he is a notorious man.
I will have to teach him a lesson.
Now it's about my family.
[Motor Cycles Engine]
[Motor Cycles approaching]
Who is he. mother?
I don't know.
Chef.
Bring a cup of cardamom tea.
Okay.
Hey! Who allowed you inside?
Shh...
Don't shout.
I have come here to talk.
In College you asked my daughter
who will save you and who will stop me?
I have come to respond to that.
[laughs]
If you find out who I am
and under whose protection I am.
you will fall to your
knees and lick my boots.
[laughs]
Sure. you must be very wealthy
and you probably have many people
who lick your boots. but I am poor.
I am not under anybody's protection.
I fight my own battles.
If my opponent comes round I embrace him
and if he doesn't come
round I slit his throat.
Today I have come to
tell you those secrets of mine
that were buried up until now.
Adilabad. Bheem Sheri. Massacre.
[Thunder]
When a neighbor tells it to you.
it is a story.
If someone tells you what
they've witnessed. it is history.
If you hear the one who made history.
your eyes will pop out of their sockets.
Fear courses through the
veins until your soul shudders.
Watching that sight that
day made the sun's heart pump fast.
When the fiends who robbed
the jungle were stopped
they attacked the forest patrol.
The forest Officer and the
other policemen were killed ruthlessly.
[Scream]
[Crying]
Mummy!
One young child ran
into the dense forest
hoping someone would
come to protect them.
The child's horrific scream
caused the jungle to quake.
[Yelling]
I had to get involved in a
battle that was not mine to begin with.
The child who was running
to seek help became fearless
because he knew a massacre
would take place now.
On hearing that innocent
child's scream my fury took over
and unleashed itself on those savages.
My hostility caused a bloodbath.
[Screaming]
[Wild Sound]
No lion could have hunted
the way I did in the jungle that day.
[Screaming]
[Thunder]
[Child Crying]
What's the matter. baby?
Why are you crying?
Calm down.
[Whistling]
[Laughing]
[Humming]
I set aside my duty
and all my principles
to save that child that day.
I raised that child as my own.
Do you think I'd spare anyone
that hurts even one hair on her head?
Would I spare him?!
Son...
My son made a mistake.
I too made a mistake.
I am willing to apologize
to your son if you wish.
Look at me. Please look at me.
Please forgive my son.
I will leave this place
with my family if you say so.
Look at me.
[Thunder]
Changing your location won't
do any good. Change your ideology.
You are educated. Does it befit
you to talk to girls in that manner?
My father used to say.
when people get to know you.
they should know you. not a title.
When people remember you.
they should do so
for what you have gained in life.
You have heard what I gained in my life.
I talked to you politely
as I was in a good mood today.
else all your heads would be offered
to Mother Kali as a sacrifice today.
That day I learned even a
verbal attack could kill a person.
I gave up all my vices that day.
No cigarettes or alcohol.
And I realized my responsibilities.
When man starts feeling
nobody can defeat him.
that is the time when he
is confronted by his nemesis.
Even Rahul Sanghvi felt
he could not be defeated by anyone
but that is when Bhagavant Kesari came.
A tiny fish can make
a massive whale dance.
That is the fate that
Rahul Sanghvi suffered.
To obtain the project
Rahul had to catch Salim's PA
but Rahul was flustered
when that did not happen.
Rahul's men slaughtered everyone
who came in contact with the PA.
That is when something incredible
happened in Rahul's life.
Karma never loses an address.
The PA he was looking
for became the cause
for the confrontation
between Rahul and Kesari.
[Sighs]
Despite being a reporter
I fixed a reel for you
without informing my channel.
Justice has to be done.
My family and I are safe
as long as I have this evidence.
That's why I did not give
it to anyone or upload it.
With this footage. Rahul Sanghvi
and this government too can be destroyed
within one hour.
I shall speak with the
party's President. Don't worry.
I shall lay down my life for you.
[Screaming]
[Glass Breakage]
Hey. there look!
Prachi. look for a good
training academy in Hyderabad.
I shall take Vijaya to Hyderabad
as soon as the final exams end.
You should convince Vijaya first.
Bhagavant. She's not prepared.
So. convince her. I shall force her
to go with me if she doesn't consent.
Kartik. it's high time.
Talk to your parents about our
marriage and bring them to my house.
Relax. Vijaya.
I shall bring my parents over tomorrow.
[Groan]
Here.
We should save all the
evidence from this drive by mail
and crush the drive.
But we need a computer to do that.
Uncle knows nothing about us.
She has a laptop.
- Don't worry.
- Excuse me.
Can I use your laptop for some time?
- I need to book a ticket urgently.
- Sure.
- Please.
- No problem.
Thank you so much.
Grateful for your help. Thank you.
Venkat. the PA has revealed
everything to the girl.
We have to find that girl.
We are number one in the
chili business in Warangal.
It burns up a lot of people.
My property is worth millions.
Wealthy people queue
up to fix a match with us
but kids these days claim to
be in love and want to marry anyone.
Look up an auspicious date. priest.
- You should find out his opinion...
- Shut up!
I am talking to him.
Did anyone ask for your opinion?
If you have anything to say.
go ahead and say it.
No. sir. She has to
complete her studies now.
I have no plans of getting
her married currently.
One would think she is your
own daughter. She is adopted. isn't she?
In any case.
she just has to cook like them.
[laughs]
Our property is worth millions.
Why do you worry?
She just has to tend my son's needs.
That's all.
She should tend to his needs
first and then her unborn child.
[Laughing]
- Uncle! - Dad.
- Are you okay?
No. uncle!
Shh...
Complete silence!
You are very narrow-minded.
That's not the way to talk.
I will burn your mouth
with your own chili!
You think you can impress
me with all your money.
If you have too much money.
you know where you can shove...!
You can brag to someone else!
Let's assume the
two of them are married.
What if your son dies?
And what if the trauma causes
heavy losses in your business.
How will you run your family?
If your daughter-in-law is educated.
she can earn for your family.
Uncle!
But. uncle...
Kartik... Listen to me. Kartik.
Kartik. Kartik. Sorry. Kartik.
I apologize to you
on behalf of my uncle.
This is your uncle?
His behavior like that of a brute.
He has no manners at all.
How dare he kick my father?!
It's not what you think. Kartik.
- I can explain.
- Enough.
Forget about love and marriage
and think of your future.
You will never be able to live
your life if you live with this man.
First get rid of him. Vijaya.
[Sighs]
[Breathing]
Don't give him another thought. dear.
He was not right for you.
His father was talking
nonsense about you.
He should have thought
about your career.
Marriage is not important.
- Join the army...
- Leave me alone.
[Crying]
Please release me. uncle.
How long will you continue
to control my life?
Let me live as I please.
I don't want to join the army.
I just want to get married
and lead a normal life.
That is all that I want.
I feel like screaming out.
please. please get out of my life.
But I cannot do that.
I am afraid of you.
Look at how my hands are trembling.
If my dad had been alive
today he might have had mercy on me
and perhaps tried
to understand me. uncle.
I have anxiety. fear.
phobia and so many other shortcomings.
How can such a weakling
get into the army?
- I beg of you...
- No. my dear.
I can't do it.
I feel suffocated.
Please get out of my life.
My dear...
She said she can't do it.
It would be wrong to force her.
Leave Vijaya to her fate.
How can I leave her to her fate. Prachi?
[Sighs]
You tell me.
Didn't you hear what she said?
Fear. anxiety. phobia.
Those are her shortcomings.
Will the world let her be?
Will they let her live?
I am with her today.
What about when I am not around?
That's why I am forcing her.
I have to make her strong.
Like a lioness.
I will do it.
I would not utter a word
if she was as strong as you. Prachi.
The girl who is trembling today will
set an example for people in future.
She is still a child.
She can utter nonsense in anger.
I am not going to
take her words to heart.
I will never leave
her to her fate. Prachi.
I shall convince her. reason with her.
I will even fall at her feet if need be
but I will make her
as strong as a lioness.
That's a promise.
[car approaching]
[Door Opens]
[Groan]
Move. Move. Move.
Hurry. Hurry. Reverse! Reverse! Reverse!
[Glass Breakage]
Open cam 1.
Yes. Cam 2.
Zoom in. Zoom in.
10:12 am.
Run cam 5 at the same time.
Yes. That's it. That's it.
Zoom in. Zoom in.
Your doubts were well founded.
They had been tailing your
daughter for the past four days.
This is a new gang.
I haven't seen them here before.
Vijaya is in danger.
Just the thought of that
scene makes me shudder even today.
We cannot touch the
girl if he is with her.
We have to separate them.
Separate the girl from
him if you want to kill her.
Don. this boy is that girl's friend.
Greetings. don!
You are in danger. Vijaya.
It is imperative I stay close to you.
Don't talk to me if you don't want to.
but let me tag along with you.
Vijaya. Vijaya.
These four important questions
which will surely be asked in the exams.
Vijaya. Kartik has been looking for you.
- What's the matter?
- It's something important.
He will tell you.
Vaishu. where is Vijaya?
She left with Kartik's friend.
He told her Kartik wants to talk to her.
[Motor Cycles Engine]
[Mobile Ringing]
Uncle is calling. What should I do?
Switch it off.
He will ruin your mood without reason.
Talk! Talk!
Tell us who you're working for!
Who sent you?
No. no. I'll tell you.
I'll tell you. I'll tell you.
She has a boyfriend
whose name is Suresh.
They have made plans to trap
her using his name so they may kill her.
[Sighs]
- Diwakar.
- Yes.
They couldn't be too far.
Find out their location.
Suresh. we came to see Kartik.
didn't we?
What is this place you've brought me to?
Where is Kartik?
[Scream]
Greetings. bro. I brought
the girl as per your instructions.
Now if I could get the payment...
You will get everything.
Tell me. darling.
Last Sunday a man borrowed
your laptop in a coffee shop.
Do you remember? Where is that man?
I don't know who that man was.
That was the first time I saw him.
[Slapping]
[Scream]
- Just tell me where he is!
- I don't know.
Tell me! What did he say
about the Deputy CM's death?
- Honestly. I know nothing.
- Talk!
[Scream]
[Slapping]
We found nothing on her laptop. boss.
I guess she deleted it.
The poor girl is innocent.
Let's release her.
How can we release her?
She knows everything.
Kill her!
[Heavy Breathing]
Uncle.
Anytime you think you are in trouble.
think of your dad.
I will be there in a split second.
[Breathing]
Dad.
[Horn]
Someone is driving in with his truck.
Stop him!
[Explosion]
[Crying]
I'm sorry. uncle. I made a mistake.
I didn't do anything deliberately.
You kept reasoning with
me but I didn't listen to you.
Uncle. he said he will kill me.
Don't cry. my dear. I am here.
You are safe now.
Let's go.
Hey! You cannot escape
with your life from here!
Why are you laughing?
Once I split her head open all
of us will laugh together. Right. folks?
[Laughing]
My dear. how did you address
me when you were a little girl?
Do you remember?
Superman.
Didn't I look like Superman
when I flew the truck in here?
[Laughing]
If God alights. not even
he will be able to save him from us.
Do you think I need God's help?
When a father rescues his daughter
he has the strength of 100 Gods.
So. why would God come himself?
You will never forget this day.
You showed me two things
during your lifetime.
The first is the fear
of death on my daughter's face.
The second is a wound on her body.
Something I never wanted to see.
You tell me. What will become of you?
I want to know who raised
his hand on her first.
Who was the first man
who tried to scare her?
Who commissioned you to tail her?
I promise the one who tells me
will have a less painful
death than the others.
What if we don't tell you?
[Scream]
[Fighting Sound]
All of you are going
to end up the same way!
You will not get a
chance to ask for help.
[Screaming]
You won't even get a chance to breathe.
Mercenaries! If you die in
this competition you will be lucky
and if you survive by mistake.
death will turn its back on you.
I want to know who
wants to kill my daughter.
[Glass Breakage]
Uncle.
Don. there is a man here
who is coming down on
everyone like a ton of bricks.
He can take on all of us.
He is hunting us like a starving lion.
Looks like he is going to
rip everyone apart and devour us.
He has turned into a maniac. Don.
He broke my leg.
[Motor Cycles Engine]
[Groan]
[Grunting]
Boss. lightning is
going to strike you today.
[Thunder]
He will make you run for your life.
If you treasure your life.
then go and hide. boss.
Vicky.
Our boss can see you. big brother.
He wishes to speak with you.
Look. He is watching you on that camera.
Rahul Sanghvi is watching you.
Rahul Sanghvi.
My old friend.
It has been an eternity
since I spoke to you last.
When an elephant goes berserk
it has to be restrained.
Who restrains you?
The lion of the jungle.
Nelakonda Bhagavanth Kesari.
[Sighs]
You see the coincidence. Sanghvi?
Nature has brought us together again.
Hurting the child was
a blunder on your part.
We still have old scores to settle
and you invited death
by adding this new chapter.
Okay. We shall fight on even ground.
without worry of consequences.
I won't spare you whether
you speak to the CM or the PM.
Use your money to its fullest extent.
Bro. I don't care!
[upbeat music]
[Thunder]
'Life and death are in God's hands
but choosing our friends
and enemies is in our hands.'
The reason for the animosity between
Bhagavanth Kesari and Rahul Sanghvi
was one man's arrogance.
- Sir... Sir...
- How dare he come over here!
I have been the MLA
here for the past 20 years.
- Sir. what have I...
- Talk!
Talk! Who touched my men?
- Listen to me for a minute.
- Who made you? Talk! Talk!
- Don't hit. sir.
- Talk!
- Please listen to me.
- Tell me!
- Tell me quickly!
- No.
Nelakonda Bhagavanth Kesari.
[Scream]
He was transferred here recently.
I want him here in one hour.
Once I complete the board meeting
I shall blow up both
your skulls after that.
Do you understand. SP?
I am grateful to you for the
success of the 10th annual conference
of the Independent service party.
I thank you all from
the bottom of my heart.
Your support is my strength.
I have an arrest warrant for you. sir.
Get in the car.
[Yelling]
Section 274.
Illegal activities in the forest.
Section 302.
Brutal killings of Police Officers.
It would be to your advantage
to get in the car without a fuss.
[Slapping]
You want to arrest me? You
will make a case against me. scoundrel?
You want to take me
to the Police station?
[Laughing]
You are laughing after a beating?
What can a servant do but
laugh if the master hits him?
But imagine this. If that servant
raises his hand on the master publicly
the master will hang
himself because of the shame!
[Laughing]
Who would dare to hit me. scoundrel?
Attention!
Attention! Attention. all criminals!
The boss of the jungle is coming.
CI Nelakonda Bhagvanth Kesari.
[Police Siren]
- Hey!
- I don't care!
What's the matter. Rafiq? Any problem?
Why didn't you get him in the jeep?
Oh! So you are Bhagavanth Kesari.
I have prefixed the
time and date of your death.
Is that so?
Is that why you're raising your lungi?
So it will be easy for you
to run when we put you in the jeep.
[Laughing]
I shall cross over your
dead body when I leave here.
I am not afraid of your empty threats.
My ears are tired of listening to them.
You are merely a goon but
I am a goon in a Police uniform.
- Move it!
- I won't go.
I am going to ensure you go!
Do you know why the brain
is situated between the ears?
What?
Words enter the brain when
one is slapped on the ears.
[Laughing]
[Slapping]
Hey.
Hey. hey.
You don't know me.
Move!
I will make just one call and
my men will be at the Police station
before I get there. And they
will burn each one of you to crisp.
- Rafiq.
- Yes. sir.
Get a 5G recharge on his phone.
We have to pick up more goons
on the way. You have that much time.
Call anyone you wish to call.
"Gust of wind. gust of wind."
"Spread the fragrance around."
"Tell me. Tell me."
"Where did she untie her hair?"
"Someone. please give me her address."
"Please tell me."
"I'd like to see her."
"Please unite us."
"Please unite us. buddy."
"Please unite us. dear."
Hey. Kittu! Where are you hiding?
I am not here.
[car approaching]
Hey. CI! How can you arrest the MLA?
Release him now or I shall
set fire to the entire city!
We will set fire!
Wait five minutes. bro.
Kittu is playing hide 'n' seek.
The CI is requesting me? Face value!
He got scared of me!
[Laughing]
What are you doing. Kittu?
It is so hot outside and I am hungry.
Get in the car.
I won't come with you. Bhagavanth.
Look around you. I've summoned the gang.
Don't make the mistake of presuming
they are insignificant pickpockets.
They open up skulls!
All of Bihar is terrorized by them.
The Bihar Police has gone
into hiding for fear of them.
Leave if you wish to live!
You want to take my friend away?
Try touching him!
I will bury you right here!
Touch him!
[Groan]
Seeing such ugly faces drives me crazy.
And when I go crazy I become wild.
Darn!
[Scream]
Hello. Mike testing. One. Two. Three.
I will not leave
until I have seen Kittu.
[Groan]
Sir. I am willing to go with you.
Why have you covered your face. Kittu?
What can I say. sir?
I am extremely ugly.
But let me see.
Why do you want to see my
face when my wife finds me ugly?
But what if I think you're good looking?
Why are you talking like my mother?
A cat's crossing your path
and looking at me is one and the same.
I am so ugly a dog wouldn't pee on me.
Please let us get into the vehicle. sir.
Oh! Why is he sitting here?
What are you doing?
I am very ugly.
No. no. You are good looking.
Get in the car.
Yes.
[laughs]
Thank you. sir.
But it becomes ugly
the moment you laugh.
- Rafiq.
- Sir.
Transport the goons from
Bihar to the Bihar Police.
- Tell them it's a gift.
- Very well. sir.
MLA's parasites!
So. what were you saying?
Show me your faces.
We didn't say a thing.
The temperature here
has risen to 40 degrees.
My face is burnt to toast.
It is good for nothing.
You looked handsome from afar though.
You are cute! Turn around!
Not at all. Come on. Let's leave!
Stop!
Hey. SP. Talk to him.
Bring Sanghvi sir out.
One chap is behind bars
while the other is out?
Is this how you talk to your Seniors?
Don't you have manners?!
Be grateful sir didn't break your head.
At least you are standing.
Shut up! That's not the
way to talk to a Senior Officer.
I am on your side.
You called him a monkey.
We come from the same fraternity.
Why are you igniting fire?
Mr. Sanghvi isn't merely
an MLA of the ruling party.
he even makes large grants
to the government. Let him go.
He has run several scams.
He has killed several Police Officers.
Take the fall for all those
crimes and surrender to the Police.
I shall release him.
You are treating me like this?
Do you have any idea how much
pressure there is on a Senior Officer?
That is correct. Rafiq.
Senior Officers are answerable.
They are under a lot of pressure.
Tell me something. When you
are in a meeting with the Commissioner.
on which side of him do you sit?
Right or left.
Right side.
Go and lick his right boot.
Bhagavanth!
I can get you suspended within one hour!
Don't suspend him. SP! No way!
Have you left your brains at home. SP?
Do you understand the
consequences of suspending him?
Rafiq. control your emotions.
No. sir. He doesn't know
the aftermath of suspending you.
Come on!
Hey. Rafiq!
Oh!
1997 - Karim Nagar.
October 4th.
5th. A goon shot 32 people
in cold blood in a public bus.
The CI arrested him and a
DSP like you came to release him.
Even then I told him not to suspend him.
Do you know what happened after that?
Suspension was certain.
I didn't care about my job back then
and I don't care about it today.
I took a glass bottle and the
criminal and went to the DSP's house.
I slit his throat in front
of him and handed the head to him.
Anyone who sees that
sight pees in his pants.
[chuckles]
The DSP had the body moved
to the tracks and declared suicide.
Although the trauma paralyzed the DSP.
didn't it?
Obviously a person would be
paralyzed with that kind of behavior.
What do you think?
So you came here to suspend me.
right? Go ahead.
But I shall cut his
melon before I leave.
Hey. SP. don't suspend him.
Just get me bail.
You want bail?
You summoned mercenaries and the Police.
If you know of anyone else.
summon him too.
You will definitely
languish in this jail!
Hey. SP. I did not offer
a bribe to become a Policeman.
I have sweated.
You didn't make me.
so. you can't break me.
My blood boils when I
look at tyranny and criminals.
I wore this uniform
so I may exterminate them.
- Don't mistake me for a rat.
- He is the lion of the jungle.
Get lost! Sir.
Bhagavanth has made
such a strong charge sheet
you won't get bail
for ten days at least.
Rahul sir has spoken
to higher authorities.
We will get bail by this evening.
Dad. I shall kill him in your presence.
Going to jail is
a fate worse than death.
I have endured too much.
I want you to torment him
so much that he begs for death.
I will do it.
That humiliation and
pain that I have suffered...
Dad?
- That pain...
- Dad?
Dad?
- That pain...
- Dad?
Dad?
Even he should...
[Groan]
Despite being a Police Officer
he indulges in several
criminal activities.
such as smuggling of arms.
drugs. killer of jungle Officers.
Son of the jungle. Bhagavanth Kesari.
[GunShot]
[Groan]
All of you are witnesses in this case.
You will testify. won't you. sisters?
[Gun Firing]
[Sighs]
[Crying]
Welcome. my friend. Bhagavanth Kesari.
You sent my dad to jail for ten days.
I will make you languish
in jail for life.
[Screaming]
[Gun Firing]
What is your decision? Do you want
to die as well. or will you testify?
Okay. Now I shall make
the whole village witnesses.
[Groan]
No!
Baby. you will send uncle Bhagavanth
Kesari uncle to jail. won't you?
Tell me. child.
You won't?
No! No!
We will sacrifice
ourselves for our children
but we won't let the
village come to any harm.
Spare this child's life.
I shall testify.
I will be the first mother in
the world who will get her son punished.
I shall send the apple
of my eye to jail.
[Crying]
Goodbye. Bhagavanth Kesari.
I'll see you in the next life.
You abandoned your family
and sacrificed your life. For whom?
For a stranger. uncle?
Vijaya. do you remember what
did you say when you were a child?
You said you are my mother.
Would a son abandon his
mother if she is in trouble?
Hereafter I will only do
what you tell me to do. uncle.
It would be better if she
goes for training to another city
instead of Hyderabad.
Again if Rahul Sanghvi...
Prachi. he will surely follow
me no matter where I take Vijaya.
Neither Vijaya nor I can
survive as long as he is around
and he cannot survive
as long as I am around.
Now destiny will decide
who lives and who dies.
[Piano Playing]
Vicky. let's plan a grand welcome.
Bhagavanth Kesari will surely
come looking for me one of these days.
[Train Noise]
Mr. Bhagavanth. this is my brother.
Sister-in-law.
- Hello.
Hello.
[Footsteps]
Hey! What are you doing?
Get lost!
Who are you?
[Gun Load]
Talk!
For our Sanghvi sir.
There are ladies
and children in the bus.
We shall talk after you let them down.
Do you know why the brain
is situated between the ears?
Words enter the brain when
one is slapped on the ears.
[chuckles]
[Gun Firing]
[Slapping]
[Grunting]
[Gun Firing]
[Screaming]
- Increase the volume. uncle.
- Okay.
[Glass Breakage]
[Explosion]
[Screaming]
[Bus approaching]
What's the matter?
Why did you stop the bus here?
This is the last stop. bro.
Doesn't it go till
Rahul Sanghvi's house?
His house is in the rear.
It is not allowed for anyone
to go to that street.
Give me the steering.
Forget the street.
I'll barge inside his house too.
- Everything okay? Be alert!
- Team A. watch all the surroundings.
The day has passed but
the night is really tough for this sign.
Maybe a plane might
crash on you.
A train might hit you from right
or a bus from the front.
Who made you a priest?
This is such a huge building.
and such tight security.
A place where an ant can't enter.
how will a bus or train enter?
[Laughing]
Bus will come...
Train...
[Bus approaching]
Stop it.
Guys. stop it.
[Glass Breakage]
[Gun Firing]
Hey! Hey! Hey!
[Yelling]
[Sighs]
I want to meet Rahul Sanghvi.
30th floor.
Not the bus! Not the bus!
You can use the lift.
And there is bad habit of this
horoscope people.
They never listen to anyone.
[Gun Firing]
What's up Rahul?
Didn't I say. I'll come and meet you?
Then why did you send these
rented rogues? Are you so eager to die?
Hey. hold your tongue.
Shh...
Do not raise your voice.
Worthless fellow!
Your boss isn't stuffed with anything.
let him talk.
I thought you would die
in the jail itself.
I didn't know you would come
out of the jail. if I knew...
Fate! I went to jail
because of one child.
And because of the other child.
I came out.
What did you think. you'll send me
to jail and I would do nothing?
You tried to kill the child
which was in the womb.
So. I had to come as your
God of death.
Your sins are full and
fate has reunited us.
But this time I have the upper hand.
My mind tells me to kill you.
But my heart wants me to
spare you because of that child.
There is a traffic jam in my head.
I am not getting any proper signal.
It's decided that you've to die
but I don't want to dirty my hands.
Come on. you tell me a plan.
Sanghvi is like sun.
Never be too confident
when it's dark at night.
As soon as the morning comes. breaking
through the darkness in this sky...
I will rule again.
Hold on a minute.
Yes. tell me Bhagavanth brother.
- Hey Chintu.
- Yes. brother.
What do you say every night
after getting beaten up by your wife?
Please tell me.
Chintu is like sun.
Don't show off too much
when it's dark at night.
As soon as the morning comes. breaking
through the darkness in this sky...
- I will rule again. Understood?
- Shut up and eat.
Did you hear that?
Every Tom. Dick. and Harry seems
to be using dialogues like this nowadays.
If you're going for a punchline.
make it stand out.
This is not your jungle.
Bhagavanth.
It's my world.
Jungle or City.
lion is always a lion.
It will not turn into a cat.
you chicken.
I am not the same old Sanghvi.
True! How can you be the
old Sanghvi?
He used to have two legs.
but you've got only one. child.
Bhagavanth!
Your death is written in my hands.
The pain I gave to your people before
sending you to jail was just a glimpse.
I will give you double the death.
I will slit your daughter's
throat in front of your eyes.
[Glass Breakage]
No!
Killing you is a piece
of cake for me.
Have you seen death
so close before?
Have you?
Have you seen?
Will you kill my child?
Just touch her and show.
I will bring my daughter
amidst the city.
Send! Send how many
people you can.
I will chop each and everyone
you will send into pieces.
Don't think I've gone rusty
as I was in jail all these years.
So much pride?
My shoe is expensive
than your life.
Wretched fellow!
[Humming]
Wretched fellow?
Do you want to know the truth?
Rahul Sanghvi. the poor are like iron.
They become tough in the
furnace of hard work.
Nobody can bend them.
But rich like you are like glass.
[Glass Breakage]
All it takes is one small blow...
and you'll shatter into pieces.
I thought we will never
face each other again.
But look at the kindness of Bam Bhole.
the universe has united us again.
I got such a chance that
my heart skipped a beat.
My body is moving
with every beat.
[upbeat music]
Do you know the
law of nature. Sanghvi?
Survival of the fittest.
Only one who has the strength
will conquer.
Destiny will decide
who will win between us.
You'll not be able to live
when I am there...
neither I and my child
when you are there.
Tell me the plan.
Full and final.
Let's finish it once and for all.
[upbeat music]
[Whistling]
You know better than us
how dangerous he is.
Keep your focus on Project V.
And find that PA too.
Come on boys. come on.
Do it. do it.
One. two. One two.
Come on. do it.
[car approaching]
[Footsteps]
One. Two. Three. Four.
Come on. do it.
Move forward. forward.
One. Two. Three.
Come on. do it. Change.
Come on boys. take a break.
Out!
Move out!
Hello Sir. I have heard
that your training helps
children get selected in the army faster.
I want to send my child
in the army.
My child has worked
really hard. sir.
Help her out like a father.
What?
Like a father?
I too have a daughter.
She told she wants to do
something in life.
So. I got her married
and sent her off to in-laws house.
Girls are made for beauty.
It is fine up to tennis
and badminton.
But not for army.
They do not have so much
of strength.
But now girls from every nook
and corner of the world is going to army.
It is wrong to under estimate
girls like this.
Hello. stop it.
Are you going to lecture me now?
There are many academies which
trains girls.
Go over there.
As I've told...
this is not the cup of tea
of girls.
Get out!
You are living in a
big misconception. sir.
Repeat that again.
I am living in misconception?
Really?
Girls are weak!
Should I prove it?
Put the bag down.
Put the bag down!
Boys. move aside.
Go and run.
Go!
Run!
Faster!
[Breathing]
Run faster!
Move!
[Breathing]
Run faster!
Run! Faster!
Keep running!
Run! Run!
- Run faster!
- Faster!
- Run!
- More faster!
Run!
[Heavy Breathing]
She wasn't able to run three
rounds in one minute.
This is the stamina.
And she wants training for army?
You want to see more?
Start push ups!
One. Two...
Faster!
Three. Four. Five.
Come on. do it faster.
Faster!
[Heavy Breathing]
She is exhausted within
just ten push ups?
And I've got misconception?
You want to see more?
Get into the ring!
Suraj!
Sir!
He is the topper of my academy.
Now he will give you
a final demo.
Suraj. kick her out.
She is not at all trained.
Without training how can she
fight a man?
[Laughing]
You wanted to know. right?
She doesn't have strength at all.
If she endures even one hit
of Suraj.
then I can consider her worthy.
Suraj!
[Fighting Sound]
[Scream]
Did you see? One more hit
and this doll will die.
[Laughing]
Take her home.
Teach her to cook and
get her married.
As you say. sir.
Come on.
Why are you looking at him?
You are 25 and I am 50 years old.
Come on!
Sir. is this how he is going
to fight in the border?
Isn't he the topper of
your academy?
I will give him one more chance.
Come on. get up!
[Grunting]
Truly your topper is
very strong.
Did you just say that girls
should only cook?
Then what is he supposed to do?
I can recommend him in some
five star hotel.
Isn't he your topper?
He will top there too.
In serving salads.
If daughter needed body strength.
I would've made her take
protien everyday.
But she needed encouragement.
That's why I brought her to you.
It's not good to have
wrong thoughts about girls.
Change your thinking.
Narrow minded.
Common dear.
Come here. you wretched.
Sir!
This auto driver gave
chocolate to the child...
and was trying to misbehave
with her. sir.
You scoundrel!
Take him to the police station.
Prachi. bring the child.
Does uncle give you
chocolate everyday. dear?
Hasn't your mom told you ever?
That touching like this is a
wrong thing.
Where is this child's school?
It's the next building. sir.
Welcome to all the
parents who came...
to the annual function of
TNR Memorial School.
Principal madam!
[Sighs]
What happened. sir?
I will tell you.
Can you tell me the schedule
of the school?
Prayer at 9. Maths at 10.
Physics at 11...
Allow me to take class today.
And whatever I teach them today.
please teach that daily to them.
Children!
Bhagavanth Uncle is going to teach
you an important lesson today.
Will you all listen carefully?
Yes!
Loudly.
Yes.
Dear. when someone plays
with you and gives you chocolate...
then they might try to
touch you.
You must be very careful
at that time.
Touching three parts of your
body is very wrong. children.
And if they touch these parts....
then immediately you must
inform your mother about it.
First is your chest.
If anyone touches you there.
inform you mother.
Second. below your hips.
Your back.
If anyone touches you there.
inform your mother.
Third. between your legs.
If anyone touches you there.
then that's a very wrong thing to do.
inform your mother.
Children. I will repeat again.
If anyone touches these three
parts of your body....
be it your friend....
or your teacher...
or your neighbor...
or your younger brother. elder
brother. uncle or grandfather.
Or if he is your...
own father.
You must inform your mother.
Mother will not remain silent.
She will not tolerate it.
At least in the forest....
it would be clearly written that
there is lion and cheetah here.
But in our society. in the
guise of an innocent cow....
everywhere you will find wolves.
That's why children. be careful!
An animal cannot become
a human even if it wants to.
But for a human to become
and animal...
a small child is also more
than enough.
Predators!
Madam. we don't want our children
to become cowards.
We don't want to raise them
by putting pepper spray
in their bags and doing candle march.
We have teach them how to respond
on face to the predators.
Do you understand?
Make your daughters lion!
No matter how much you try.
this world will never want...
a girl to stand on her own foot.
Because those people haven't gone
through the labor pain of a mother.
That is why they have no clue...
how much strength a girl has.
"Fly... Fly... Fly..."
Vijaya is trying really hard.
Any task I give. she achieves
90 percent of it.
Only if she gets the control
on her fears....
she can easily achieve the
remaining 10 percent too.
"Fight... fight..."
The most beautiful thing you can
wear is confidence.
[car approaching]
Please be prepared. army life and
a civilian life. both are different.
Here both men and women
are treated equally.
- A lot of discipline is expected.
- Do not disturb the child.
- I want to talk to her.
- You can't talk to her now.
Come on. go for training.
Okay.
Suraj. listen.
Sir!
- I said I want to meet him.
- Karthik!
Come. come. come.
Hmm.
- Hey!
- Hi!
Sit.
Tell me.
Vijaya. I've started a new
business and it's huge.
- Oh!
- But why this army training?
You can't do it.
Let it be.
You can't do it. okay.
Come with me and marry me.
We'll live happily always.
We'll have a great life together.
I will always keep you happy.
trust me.
What do you say?
Shall we?
I cannot support you.
All the best.
Are you crazy?
You fell for the trap again?
He is playing with your life.
You cannot do this.
you will be killed.
He is a sadist.
Sit down.
What did you say?
He trapped me?
He is playing with my life?
[chuckles]
Do you know the meaning
of the word sacrifice?
Can you leave everything
and support me?
Can you clean my shoes?
Can you give me juice?
Can you forget every work and
spend one hour with me?
Last 12 years he has given up
all his life and his future....
he stood with me.
How much I have scolded him.
how many times have I insulted him.
I laugh and he is happy.
I cry and he is sad.
He only thinks about me.
He forgets himself and
lives only for me.
Who will do all this for me?
He wants every girl to lift her head
and face this world.
I will do this for him.
And if needed.
I will give my life up for him.
What did you say?
He is a sadist?
He is the son of the jungle!
Nelakonda Bhagavanth Kesari.
My friend.
My uncle.
My father who didn't
give birth to me.
I've been troubling her from
her childhood.
I came in between her wish
and love.
I thought she will have
lot of anger on me.
But she understands me now.
Are you listening. Prachi?
She called me her father.
Huh. this is enough.
Enough.
Just one more step.
And I will take her to her goal.
I will definitey take her.
[Sighs]
Definitely.
[Thunder]
You don't need right weapon but
right opportunity to kill the enemy.
And Rahul Sanghvi has got
that apportunity.
Deputy CM's PA....
he was hiding out in some small
place in Maharashtra.
They got a clue and he was caught.
[Groan]
Rahul Sanghvi removed all the danger
which were supposed
to fall on the government.
And Government decided to hand
him over the project V.
[Police Siren]
And later. Rahul started
his game.
The real game!
[Piano Playing]
He started to surround Bhagavanth Kesari
from all the sides.
Uncle!
[Police Siren]
Everyone get out.
Project V is my passion.
my dream.
Few seconds more.
he will walk through my door.
So. let's wait for sometime.
But after he comes...
But before that.
let's have some fun.
Psychologist Prachi.
The love of Bhagavanth Kesari.
I've a question for you.
Who is smart me or
Bhagavanth Kesari?
Bhagavanth Kesari.
- Who is tough?
- Bhagavanth Kesari.
- And who is sharp?
[Sighs]
It's true!
Love is blind.
And now for the final. Who is the
strongest. me or Bhagavanth Kesari?
If you take my name.
I will let you live.
Bhagavanth Kesari.
No! No! No!
Why?
Why Bhagavanth Kesari?
Being a Psychologist.
I can easily read people.
Every human has a formula
of his own.
Your formula is money
plus power.
Like. you commit crime
with money.
And with power you shut
everyone's mouth.
It's a regular routine formula.
But Bhagavanth Kesari has
a unique formula.
Ah!
If you place ice next to fire.
it will melt.
And if you place gunpowder.
it will explode.
The combination of Fire. Ice and
Gunpowder is Bhagavanth Kesari.
Which is an impossible combination.
If you go even closer to him.
you will burn down to ashes.
But you've gone so close to him now.
that it's impossible to escape.
Vijaya is Bhagavanth Kesari's world.
So think. if Vijaya
is in danger...
then Bhagavanth Kesari is not going
to sit silently and drink tea. right bro?
If you follow the path of goodness.
the whole universe supports you.
[Helicopter Noise]
The life of Ratan Shukla was saved
by Bhagavanth Kesari 12 years ago.
Today the time has come
to repay that debt.
[rap song]
Shukla sir. we have captured the PA.
Coco cola. Pepsi.
Bhagavanth Kesari sexy.
Hey! Hey!
Fire!
[Gun Firing]
Sir. these small weapons are used
by the children.
Listen to me and use this
automated gun.
[Groan]
Shukla. I am that gunpowder which
is not dependent on these bullets.
[Explosion]
Oh mother!
This is how an explosion should be.
How was it. Shukla?
You shook everything up. sir.
The echo of this sound would've
reached till Delhi now.
[Police Siren]
Sanghvi. our plan is ruined.
We are going to meet
Bhagavanth Kesari.
We will talk to him and make him understand
but you please be calm until then.
[Groan]
Bro. there's no guarantee
we will meet again.
Rest in peace!
Bhagavanth. it's so wrong
what you are doing.
We have come to compromise.
Let's sit and talk in peace.
Look. sir has come all the
way from Delhi.
He does all the big deals
of the country.
Sir!
Handover the PA to us.
Instead. I will talk to
Rahul Sanghvi.
I will ask him to leave you
and your daughter alone.
Jogi. deal is over.
Get the flight ready.
Hello sir!
Can you come here for
two minutes?
Today's kids also cannot do
reels better than you.
May no evil eye fall upon you.
You can leave for Delhi now.
Go!
Do you know who I am?
Ashok Tiwari.
People fear hearing my name
from state to central.
And you're giving alms to me?
I am the lion of this jungle.
When I was in 10th. I met two
lions on the way from tuition.
And they started scaring me
unnecessarily.
And I got into fight with
one of them.
And it's head was in my hand.
Then the second one. ran into the
forest looking at this.
I grew up with the lions.
And you are scaring me
in the name of lion?
Son of jungle. Nelakonda
Bhagavanth Kesari.
My anger is like the fire
of the jungle.
Tree. rock. hill. anything that comes
my way will be burnt to ashes.
Bro. I don't care.
[upbeat music]
How did you get so much of guts?
My father always used
to say one thing.
A stubborn man will be more
powerful than a king.
A king shows his strength
on the basis of his army.
But regardless of the world.
the stubborn will follow his heart.
Jogi. I don't talk to the jokers.
Will you take the offer or
should I send the PA to the media?
Do one thing.
you return to Delhi.
But he is messing with the
wrong person.
Hey. you are messing...
- Can I help?
- Hey you shut up.
Hey. you are wrong.
He is KingKong.
You are only messing.
cessing and cussing.
He is the bull dozer.
You are water geezer.
Take the nearest exit and
go to Delhi.
Damn it!
She got impressed.
Sir. please sit in the car for
two minutes. Only two minutes.
It is very dangerous here. please
sit down. We'll take care of everything.
Please sit down.
Bhagavanth. talk to me.
Tell me what do you want?
Rahul Sanghvi.
I want to kill him.
I will only kill him.
I will bring my daughter along.
Let him bring how many ever
he would like to.
Out of law. out of judiciary.
You can choose the battle field.
Let one more Mahabharat
take place.
But only one will live.
He dies. you are safe.
I die. still you are safe.
What's more left to think?
You've not gone home since three
months. what if your wife elopes?
You were stuck because of Rahul
all this while. now you've to escape.
If I had the power. I would say yes.
It's the best deal.
Okay. I will fix the meeting
after talking to Rahul Sanghvi.
Listen. if you wish to enter
politics. let me know.
Nope! Your politics is
different from mine.
You will rule the honest and
lick the feet of the dishonest.
My rules are different.
I hold the stiff neckened.
If they don't rectify.
I break their necks.
Jogi. only one of us will return.
Will you find the place
or should I?
Will you choose the time
Anytime. anywhere.
What was the punchline next?
Your audience knows it better.
Rahul Sanghvi versus Bhagavanth Kesari.
knock out match.
I lose. you are safe.
He loses. you are safe.
Good deal!
You are all in the safe zone.
You've put us in the danger zone
thinking about the safe zone. Sanghvi.
If you want to be in the safe zone...
then this is the best deal.
He said adamant man will be
very courageous.
He has challenged that he will
come with his daughter only.
But you've got an entire army.
Kill him and prove the world
no one is stronger than you.
I am dead. Jocky.
Enemy is ready to come
with fierce in front of me.
He is challenging me.
I am dead.
If I have to live.
he will have to die.
My vengeance will bring me alive.
[song playing in TV]
Bhagavanth. it is dangerous
to go alone.
Rahul has done full planning
to kill you.
Sir. take at least one
weapon with you.
My opener?
Give it to me for only
ten minutes.
[Fighting Sound]
- Vicky!
- Sir.
I want to see his blood.
There is one way to remove
fear from one's mind.
Uncle!
If they like somebody
more than themselves...
then create the fear of
loosing them.
If seeing such a scene triggers
even a little fear in her heart....
then there is a chance.
Bhagavanth. you can try
but this is very dangerous.
Uncle!
[Fighting Sound]
Uncle...!
Vijaya dear. please save me.
My hands are tied.
Uncle!
Dear. save me.
Come.
Uncle!
[Crying]
Lift your head like this and
be like a leader.
Only then this world
will respect you.
Won't you do so?
[Scream]
Uncle. you did this on purpose?
Oh you!
Daughter has turned into lion!
My little lion!
Come on. let's hunt together.
Son. you rest now.
I will take care of this.
[Groan]
[Glass Breakage]
Move is smart.
Rahu Sanghvi!
Very sharp Rahul Sanghvi!
[Scream]
Vijaya. careful.
[Groan]
Who is tough?
Rahul Sanghvi!
Before killing you...
I will kill your daughter.
Who is the strongest?
It's true!
Bhagavanth Kesari.
[Sighs]
Sorry sir.
I told I'll be back in ten minutes
but took two minutes more.
- No problem. right?
- Not at all. sir.
Is everything fine?
- Alright then. I'll take leave.
- I escaped.
You won't repeat the mistake. right?
Good boy!
Bhagavanth Kesari. remember
this name until your last breath.
Who is going to talk about this
to the media now?
We were partying in the farm house.
suddenly fire caught up.
there was no extinguisher too.
Everything burned to ashes.
everything burned down
in short circuit even poor Sanghvi.
Why is there blood on the opener?
It's not blood. it's red wine.
[Camera Clicks]
He worked for our party secretly.
We will make them LC.
Welcome them.
Will I get the Ministry?
It's not that easy.
you will have to polish shoes.
Hmm.
[Laughing]
He wanted to make the girls brave
and set them as an example.
He did it too.
Many have got selected for army
from my academy.
But for the first time.
a girl has got selected in the army.
She has trained with
full dedication.
She is non other than
Miss Vijaya Lakshmi.
Vijaya!
My uncle always used to tell me
one thing.
Don't underestimate the girls.
Nurture them like lioness.
Make the daughters lion.
[Audience Cheering]
Open!
You can't go back and
change the beginning.
But what you do today....
depends on your past.
If you can't avoid death today....
then embrace it with
full courage and pride.
Bhagavanth Kesari always
says one thing.
- Respect the elders.
- If you want to break your head. don't give.
Looking at these dirty faces.
my mind starts spinning.
And I go wild as my mind
starts spinning.
Do you know why there is
brain in between the ears?
When you get slapped
on the ears....
then what is taught will
enter inside your brain.
A king shows his strength
on the basis of his army.
But regardless of the world.
the stubborn will follow his heart.
An opportunity like this
makes the heart dance.
Every beat is making the
body shake!
Shh...
Do not shout!
Keep your voice low.
- Bro!
- I don't care.
Bro. I don't care!
[upbeat music]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm